frontend/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Added sql dump file and updated readme
Added sql dump file and updated readme for first-time users

frontend/README.md, after:

# Attendance System - Deployment & Setup Guide

This project is a Geolocation-based Attendance System built with a React frontend and a Node.js/Express backend. Follow these steps to set up the environment and run the application.

---

## 1. Database Setup (MySQL)
1. Open **MySQL Workbench**.
2. Run the provided `database_schema.sql` (or `attendance_system.sql`) script to create the database structure.
3. Ensure the `Admin` table has at least one account. You can use the `/create-admin` endpoint or run:
   ```sql
   INSERT INTO Admin (name, email, password) VALUES ('Admin', 'admin@sunway.edu.my', '$2b$10$YourHashedPasswordHere');

## 2. Backend Configuration (Server)
1. Open the /server folder in your terminal.
2. Install dependencies: npm install
3. Create a .env file in the root of the /server directory and add the following:
    PORT=3001
    DB_HOST=localhost
    DB_USER=root
    DB_PASSWORD=your_mysql_password
    DB_NAME=attendance_system
    JWT_SECRET=supersecretkey123
    JWT_EXPIRES_IN=1d
4. Start the backend application: npm run dev

## 3. Frontend Configuration (Client)
1. Open the root folder (or /client) in a new terminal.
2. Install dependencies: npm install
3. Start the frontend application: npm run dev

## 4. Initial Login Credentials
Once both the frontend and backend are running, you can access the system at http://localhost:5173 (or the port provided by Vite):
- Admin Login: Use the email and password created in Step 1.
- Lecturer/Student Login: Use the credentials added via the Admin Dashboard.
